    Initializing a Repository:
        Git repositories and directories:
            Each Git repository is tied to a specific directory - the directory
            where you ran git init. Only files from that directory (and
            subdirectories inside that directory) will be contained in that
            repository, and you can have different repositories in different
            directories.
            Note: it's often the case that a Git repository in some directory
            will only contain, or track, some of the files in that directory,
            rather than all of them. You'll see how this works later this lesson.
        git init
            Create a new repository. Make a directory a repository. But Git
            doesn't create any commit because commits should not be done
            automatically but manually by users and Git doesn't know which files
            in the directory should be tracked. So git log shows "fatal: bad
            default revision 'HEAD'" because there isn't any commit yet.
        git status
            Show which files have been changed since the last commit.


What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    .git directory that contains a bunch of metadata about the history of the
    repository which is the difference between repositories and other
    directories will be created. I need to do it because I want to use version
    control.

    Staging Area:
        git add <file1>
            Add file1 to the staging area which is the intermediate area
            between a working directory and a repository and which contains
            files you want to commit. When you run git status, file1 moves from
            'Untracked files' to 'Changes to be committed'.
                git add lesson_1_reflections.txt

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is the intermediate area between the working directory and
    the repository and it contains files which you want to commit. It helps you
    make one commit have a single logical change.

    Writing Good Commit Message:
        git commit
            You can make a commit to the repository.
            You'll need to write a commit message describing your changes. If
            you followed the instructions in the "Setting Up Your Workspace"
            video for your platform near the end of Lesson 1, the editor you
            chose will appear as soon as you run git commit and allow you to
            write a commit message. If you get an error message, you should try
            revisiting the instructions in Lesson 1 and make sure your text
            editor is set up properly.
                git add -> git status -> git commit
                git commit
                message: Add lesson 1 reflections
        git commit -m "Commit message"
            You can also specify a commit message via the command line by
            running git commit -m "Commit message" instead of just git commit.
        Commit message style:
            While commit message style varies from person to person, this style
            guide describes some common best practices when writing commit
            messages. http://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/:
                type: subject

                body(optional)

                footer(optional)
            The type
                feat: a new feature
                fix: a bug fix
                docs: changes to documentation
                style: formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no code change
                refactor: refactoring production code
                test: adding tests, refactoring test; no production code change
                chore: updating build tasks, package manager configs, etc; no
                       production code change
    git diff Revisited:
        git diff <ID1> <ID2>
            Show the difference between the two commits of the repository.
        git diff
            Show the difference between the working directory and the staging
            area.
        git diff --staged
            Show the difference between the staging area and thd repository.
        git reset --hard
            Discard any changes in either the working directory or the staging
            area. When you ever run this command, you need to be very careful
            because you can't get those changes back.
    Commit the Bug Fix:
        cd version-control/asteroids
        Leave 'detached HEAD' state: git checkout master
        Fix the delay bug:
            In game.js find the statement if (this.delayBeforeBullet <= 0) {
            (should be on line 423). On the next line, insert
            this.delayBeforeBullet = 10;
        Stage your change: git add game.js
        Commit your change: git commit -> message: Add delay back to bullets

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    I can do it in the way that I add only files related to the logical change
    to the staging area at a time and then commit. This lead to one commit per
    logical change.

    Branches:
        The way to manage multiple versions. Branchs are labels attached to the
        latest commits of the multiple versions. master is the official branch.
        You attach other branch labels to some commits if necessary. When making
        a new commit, the branch label automatically updates to the new commit.
        It is also possible to have multiple branch labels attached to a single
        commit. In that situation, when you make a new commit, only the branch
        label that you have checked out will update and the others left alone.
    Making a Branch (Create an easy mode):
        cd version-control/asteroids
        git branch -> Show branches.
        git branch easy-mode -> Make a new branch named easy-mode.
        git checkout easy-mode -> Activate the easy-mode branch.
        Change game.js. Search 'fragments', change for-loop from i<3 to i<2.
        git add game.js
        git commit -> message: Make asteroids split into 2 smaller pieces
                                instead of 3.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    The situations where I want to make multiple versions, for example, to add
    experimental features which I am not sure will work well or change something
    for different users. When I use branches, I can manage various versions
    without changing the master branch.

    Branches for Collaboration:
        cd version-control/asteroids
        git chechout coins -> coins is a remote branch other people created.
        git log
        git checkout master
        git log
        git log --graph --oneline master coins -> Visualize the branch structure
    Reachability:
        Log starts with the current commit and traces back until it gets to a
        commit that doesn't have a parent. (This will generally be the initial
        commit.) There may be two points where there's no way to get from one
        to the other. There may be a point that isn't actually reachable by any
        of the current branches.
    Detached HEAD Revisited:
        See detached head message. git checkout <ID>
        If you make a new commit in a detached head, the new commit isn't
        included in any branches and it isn't reachable by any of the branches.
        If you want to retain commits, create a new branch.
        git checkout -b new_branch_name
        = (git brach new_branch_name) + (git checkout new_branch_name)

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    The diagrams show how each commit is connected, where branch labels are
    attached, reachability of each commit, where each branch is split from other
    branches. All of these things help me visualize the branch structure.

    Combining Simple Files Using Original:
        The common parts of the two files will be retained. The changes of the
        two files from the original file will also be retained.
    Merging Coins into Master:
        If a branch is deleted and leaves some commits unreachable from existing
        branches, those commits will continue to be accessible by commit id,
        until Git’s garbage collection runs. This will happen automatically
        from time to time, unless you actively turn it off. You can also run
        this process manually with git gc.
    Merging on the Command Line:
        cd version-control/asteroids
        git branch -> coins, easy-mode, * master
        git merge master coins -> message: Merge branch 'coins'
        git log -> The commits are sorted by the time they were created. So the
                    previous commit is not necessarily the parents of the commit.
        git show <ID> -> Show the diff between the commit and the parent without
                        actually knowing what the parent was.
        git branch -d coins -> Delete the branch coins label. This won't delete
                    the commits in the branch, it will only delete the label.
        Make coins yellow:
        git show 3884 -> this.color = 'yellow'; this.solid = true;
        git log --graph --oneline
        git diff b067 354d -> Compare the latest commit before the coins branch
                                and the latest commit with coins
        Open game.js -> Search Coin -> Add this.color = 'yellow'; and
                                        this.solid = true; at line 727.
        git diff
        git add game.js
        git commit -> message: Make coins yellow

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    The result is a new commit which combines the commit before the two branches
    diverged and the changes added in the two branches after the commmit. The
    latest commits of the two old branches will be the parents of the new commit
    of the new branch. So we can represet the result in the diagram the way we
    do. Once two branches are merged together, all the commits in both branches
    will be able to be reached from the new branch.

    Merge Conflicts:
        Can we always merge automatically?
        If a part is changed differently in two branches from the original, we
        can't decide which version should be retained.
    Conflct Detection:
        Git asks the user whenever there's any ambiguity.
    Update Easy Mode:
        Master has updated since the easy-mode branch was created. In this case,
        it has the addition of coins, which you might like to include in the
        easy-mode branch. In general, it’s very common that if you make a branch,
        either an experimental branch or to work on a new feature, you want to
        periodically merge master into that branch. This is because master
        usually contains the official version of the code, and it’s common to
        want experimental changes to include all of the changes to master.
    Resolving Merge Conflicts:
        cd version-control/asteroids
        git checkout easy-mode
        git merge master easy-mode -> Merge conflict in game.js -> Need to
            resolve the conflict.
        atom game.js -> git represents conflicts using special lines.
                        <<<<<<< HEAD
                        (The top section)
                        ||||||| merged common ancestors
                        (The middle section: the original version)
                        =======
                        (The bottom section: master)
                        >>>>>>> master
        Resolve merge conflicts -> That one set of changes will be made by me
        and the other by someone else. So, I might need to go talk to that
        person. But first, I always try to understand what they were doing by
        looking at the changes they made. -> Delete the top and the middle
        section and the special lines and make HEAD's change to the function of
        the bottom section (change for-loop from i<3 to i<2).
    Committing the Conflict Resolution:
        git status -> both modified: game.js
        git add game.js
        git status -> All conflicts fixed but you are still merging
        git commit
            -> message: Merge branch 'master' into easy-mode

                        Conflicts:
                            game.js
        git log
        git log -n 1
    Concept Map: branch, merge:

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
    As long as no conflicts happen, Git's automatic merging is very easy and
    safe. But, when some conflicts happen, Git cannot merge automatically any
    longer and I need to do merges manually.
